**Date & Time**: 02 April 2025 | **Duration**: 17 mins  
**Location/Platform**: In-person and Onlnie | **Type**: Regular Meeting  

**Attendees**: Andre, Anqi, Steven  

### Agenda  
- Project tehnical side discussion 
- Identify what to do for project

### Discussion Summary  
1. **Collaboration is important**:  
   - Reiterate lecture points that technical collaboration is important
   - Aside from applications, agile methodology collaboration is also graded and important
   - Everyone should be active in code review during pull requests
   - Some parts of the grade will be individual and will be proven by github contributions
   - Grades will also be given to people who opened up issues and make documentations so we will make sure to rotate the person taking notes each weeks
   - Commit messages should be meaningful
   - Sharing session is important, so if someone is struggling with somepling please ask so we can arrange session to work it out together 
2. **Application to be built**:  
   - Will be building a "Student Assistant App" which is like a toolkit collections
   - Main features to pursue is: Financial Journal, Health Tracker, Messenger
   - Features in backlog that will be pursued if timeline permits: Timetable scheduler, Collaboration Board, AI Chat wrapper

### Decisions ✅  
- Agreed to build API Contract first
- Agreed on the application specs

### Action Items  
- [ ] **All**: Will try to collaborate in our API Contract between FE and BE
- [ ] **Anqi**: Provide github account so I can add to the repository
- [ ] **Andre**: Try to follow up the technologies allowed for group project

### Blockers ⚠️  
- Awaiting allowed technologies
- No UI Base yet so cannot decide what to do

### Next Steps  
- Weekly follow up (tentative: 9 April).  

### Additional Notes
- None
